{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset204 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset204 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red12\green49\blue121;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 400,401,403,404,405,406,408\
500,501,502,503,504\
\
HTTP Status Code - 501 Not Implemented\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 The server does not support the functionality required to fulfill the request. This is the appropriate response when the server does not recognize the request method and is not capable of supporting it for any resource.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 HTTP Status Code - 503 Service Unavailable\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 Your web server is unable to handle your HTTP request at the time. There are a myriad of reasons why this can occur but the most common are:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 server crash\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 server maintenance\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 server overload\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 server maliciously being attacked\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 a website has used up its allotted bandwidth\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 server may be forbidden to return the requested document\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This is usually a temporary condition. Since you are getting a return code, part of the server is working. The web people have made the server return this code until they fix the problem.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 If you do not get service back soon, contact your web host as they would know the best. Some web hosts have server status pages you can check.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa319\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 408 \'96 Request Time-Out\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 When the request of the client takes too long, the server times out, closes the connection, and the browser displays a 408 
\i Request Time-Out 
\i0 error message. The time-out happens because the server didn\'92t receive a complete request from the client 
\f0\b within the timeframe it was prepared to wait
\f1\b0 . Persistent 408 errors can occur because of the
\f0\b  heavy workload on either the server or on the client\'92s system
\f1\b0 .\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa319\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 502 \'96 Bad Gateway\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 The 502 error message represents a communication problem between two {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hongkiat.com/blog/common-http-errors/#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 servers}}. It occurs when the 
\f0\b client connects to a server
\f1\b0  acting as a gateway or a proxy that needs to 
\f0\b access an upstream server
\f1\b0  that provides additional service to it. The other server is located higher in the server hierarchy. It can be for example an Apache web server that\'92s accessed by a proxy server, or the name server of a large internet service provider that\'92s accessed by a local name server.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa319\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 504 \'96 Gateway Time-Out\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 There is a 
\f0\b server-server communication problem
\f1\b0  behind the 
\i Gateway Time-Out
\i0  error message, just like behind the 
\i 502 Bad Gateway
\i0  error code. When the 504 status code is returned there\'92s also
\f0\b  a higher-level server 
\f1\b0 in the background that is supposed to send data to the server that is connected to our client. In this case the lower-level server doesn\'92t receive a timely response from the upstream server it accessed.\
}